## Project Log Day 5

After successfully building a maven project using jenkins and our git repository. We wanted to see if we could somehow apply this knowledge and develop a build to deploy and integrate Minecraft servers.
This posed as a difficult task. We were running into issues with our build. So we decided to digress from our main project objective and start off with building a website/database of minecraft cheat codes and guides to provide gameplay advice for gamers all around the world.
We decide to use Apache Tomcat to run a HTTP web server environment in which our Java code can run.

Some of our project members asked, "Why use Apache Tomcat over Apache HTTP Server?" Well, omparisons between Apache Tomcat and Apache HTTPS Server can be confusing, since both have Apache in their name, and both are developed by the ASF. But the truth is that they’re two very different software packages. While Apache is a traditional HTTPS web server, optimised for handling static and dynamic web content (very often PHP-based), it lacks the ability to manage Java Servlets and JSP. Tomcat, on the other hand, is almost totally geared towards Java-based content. In fact, Tomcat was originally developed as a means to provide the JSP functionality that Apache lacked. Even with this in mind, a comparison between Tomcat Server and Apache doesn’t come down to a direct competition. This is because it’s completely viable to run them side by side. So in projects involving both Java and PHP-based content, for example, it makes sense to have Apache handling most of the static and dynamic content, while Tomcat takes care of the JSP.
